A couple other examples would be useful
to understand some of the segmentation
that we've been discussing.
Take, for example, Cadre.
Cadre allows for the buying and
selling of multifamily real
estate apartment buildings, for example,
as well as commercial real estate.
The idea here, once again,
is sourcing deals for
accredited investors and institutions.
Again, accredited investors
are generally defined in
the US as those that have a million
dollars in invested capital.
Historically, it's also referred
to those who have, let's say,
individually, $200,000 of income over
the recent multi-year period and
the expectation of having
that going forward.
Accredited investors are interesting
because under the Jobs Act,
Jumpstart Our Businesses Act,
that arose from the Dodd-Frank
set of regulation changes post-financial
crisis in the US have highlighted
accredited investors as being those
who can transact on platforms.
Here, Cadre is reporting to try
to lower fees, lockups, and so
on, for investors, providing greater
liquidity than private equity.
Interestingly enough, Jared Kushner
is one of the founders of Cadre.
Top Line Venture Capitalists put up
around $133 million at an $800 million
valuation cited early in 2019, including
Thrive Capital and Andreessen Horowitz.
Another startup, Fundrise,
which received just under $60 million of
funding from Renren, Guggenheim Partners,
and other investors,
institutional investors,
presented a crowdsourcing platform for
portfolios of different
kinds of real estate.
Not limited only in this case to
accredited investors with a minimum
investments of $500.
A democratization of
real-estate investing for
those who have small amounts of capital.
Aggregating at around $2.5
billion worth of invested real
estate with a recent
evaluation about $800 million.
Part of a disruptive, let's call it,
again, a democratization of what has been
historically a much more private investor
orientation in commercial investment.
Another one is Cherre,
which is along the AI vector in FinTech,
data aggregation, but also
an analytical data visualization firm.
That puts together and
provides analysis on thousands and
thousands of public private and
internal data sources for clients.
They received a small round recently,
about $9 million, 15 investors, including
hedge funds, venture capitalists,
and so on at an unknown valuation.
Again, applying the latest, reportedly,
artificial intelligence technologies to
data in the commercial space, which is so
critical for those actors who are buying,
selling, leasing, or
brokering commercial real estate.